with the Saints' first victory in the championship
and the athletic Goianiense who returned and are after a long time the first
division has not yet won in Norway this is the first time
very bad is not the second card by email the first weak time
technically the team of saints trying to hit a team completely
dressed with players
that did not act the others more floated in a certain type of
formation still created a chance for the team of saints but the chances are
and the controversial penalty that I think was a city to the west
because it pulls me to the left invades the area of ​​wanting to be the food who is
touched at knee height and one can get out for me is foul foul inside
penalty area and apparently it would arrive in the aerial ball the crossing
some counter-attack plays the Saints taking danger in their football
Luiz Eduardo
joão santos da silva
lugo made two goals had a goal canceled and paulo marcelo came out as one of the best
players that made some defenses that mainly involves in the second half the
maximum price
and you have a great chance and the team
This is a kick from thiago feltri with the beautiful hard defense of these important
one of the great chances in the legends have another seven of the marque too
that the athletic had in the first time
brand fans
He's facing the pro.
the ibm ends up opting to hit from the inside of what was at the angle that filipe
practically closed in this he hits with the instep maybe he had more
chance paid out and also
no chances to defend son
but we are showing
the second time no
the athlete arrived very early in the first minute of the game
was also one of the last chances one of the few chances of the athletic both
who soon after the Saints make their first goal
a chance lost by the athletic / go
The Saints Team Change
a bit earlier advance
now with the first big defense of the
rational dressage
the ball deflects and in the last man of the barrier but has to do something
impressive
and there the goal
also the defense
of March on Marquinhos's website
This may have been the great defense.
the duel with the counter-attack than an image
a little prior to that nation its four saints 3 players are
defender
pass even and then quit prevented
Our spectacular goal pass
the nature and putting the ball in the goal
this is an individual 'feature' of the hatch i10 time type with it
brings the quick short dribble right own right
beats to make the goal several goals he has already made this season with this style
some by the right side I twist the left side I think it is one of the
most regular players one of the best players of the saints and there the bid and that
came to be validated by the arbitration the marquinhos but that later was annulled
because the flag that curiously ran for half an hour later
pressed by the players of the athletic ended up canceling the goal
because of the touch of the hand there marquinhos if the goal was well nullified the
marquinhos
effectively takes the left arm toward the ball
the ball with the left arm so that it arrives in the condition of
hit the goal
soon after
nonconformist
to 26 the saints ended up making the second goal with zé eduardo
beautiful tour play
beautiful match
the players on the left side of the Saints team
and there practically killed the game
still by the group j she has a player expelled
the well-expelled agenor by the way made a hard foul in the west and had no card
yellow
I kicked the ball right in that hein bid we designed a beautiful ball
will go out on a dribble today in his cinnamon
and then lost 2-0 with one less athletic
we fixed paulo was able to create many things ahead with the worst yet
had his goal scored by the mouth
a beautiful goal with well worked plays at the time had coldness to beat
taking the son
already at the end the actor lacked strength port force to put pressure on five
six minutes and try a better result
the apra team's staff